Case met his first Modern two days after he'd screened the Hosaka's precis.
The Moderns, he'd decided, were a contemporary version of the Big
Scientists of his own late teens. There was a kind of ghostly teenage DNA
at work in the Sprawl, something that carried the coded precepts of various
short-lived subcults and replicated them at odd intervals. The Panther
Moderns were a softhead variant on the Scientists. If the technology had
been available, the Big Scientists would all have had sockets stuffed with
microsofts. It was the style that mattered and the style was the same. The
Moderns were mercenaries, practical jokers, nihilistic technofetishists.
The one who showed up at the loft door with a box of diskettes from the
Finn was a soft-voiced boy called Angelo. His face was a simple graft
grown on collagen and shark cartilage polysaccharides, smooth and
hideous. It was one of the nastiest pieces of elective surgery Case had ever
seen. When Angelo smiled, revealing the razor-sharp canines of some large
animal, Case was actually relieved. Toothbud transplants. He'd seen that
before.
"You can't let the little pricks generation-gap you," Molly said. Case
nodded, absorbed in the patterns of the Sense/Net ice. This was it. This was
what he was, who he was, his being. He forgot to eat. Molly left cartons of
rice and foam trays of sushi on the corner of the long table. Sometimes he
resented having to leave the deck to use the chemical toilet they'd set up in a
corner of the loft. Ice patterns formed and reformed on the screen as he
probed for gaps, skirted the most obvious traps, and mapped the route he'd
take through Sense/Net's ice. It was good ice. Wonderful ice. Its patterns
burned there while he lay with his arm under Molly's shoulders, watching
the red dawn through the steel grid of the skylight. Its rainbow pixel maze
was the first thing he saw when he woke. He'd go straight to the deck, not
bothering to dress, and jack in. He was cutting it. He was working. He lost
track of days.
And sometimes, falling asleep, particularly when Molly was off on one of
her reconnaissance trips with her rented cadre of Moderns, images of Chiba
came flooding back. Faces and Ninsei neon. Once he woke from a confused
dream of Linda Lee, unable to recall who she was or what she'd ever meant
to him. When he did remember, he jacked in and worked for nine straight
hours.
The cutting of Sense/Net's ice took a total of nine days.
"I said a week," Armitage said, unable to conceal his satisfaction when Case
showed him his plan for the run. "You took your own good time."
"Balls," Case said, smiling at the screen. "That's good work, Armitage."
"Yes," Armitage admitted, "but don't let it go to your head. Compared to
what you'll eventually be up against, this is an arcade toy."
"Love you, Cat Mother," whispered the Panther Modern's link man. His
voice was modulated static in Case's headset. "Atlanta, Brood. Looks go.
Go, got it?" Molly's voice was slightly clearer.
"To hear is to obey." The Moderns were using some kind of chickenwire
dish in New Jersey to bounce the link man's scrambled signal off a Sons of
Christ the King satellite in geosynchronous orbit above Manhattan. They
chose to regard the entire operation as an elaborate private joke, and their
choice of comsats seemed to have been deliberate. Molly's signals were
being beamed up from a one-meter umbrella dish epoxy-ed to the roof of a
black glass bank tower nearly as tall as the Sense/Net building.
Atlanta. The recognition code was simple. Atlanta to Boston to Chicago to
Denver, five minutes for each city. If anyone managed to intercept Molly's
signal, unscramble it, synth her voice, the code would tip the Moderns. If
she remained in the building for more than twenty minutes, it was highly
unlikely she'd be coming out at all.
Case gulped the last of his coffee, settled the trodes in place, and scratched
his chest beneath his black t-shirt. He had only a vague idea of what the
Panther Moderns planned as a diversion for the Sense/Net security people.
His job was to make sure the intrusion program he'd written would link
with the Sense/Net systems when Molly needed it to. He watched the
countdown in the corner of the screen. Two. One. He jacked in and
triggered his program. "Mainline," breathed the link man, his voice the only
sound as Case plunged through the glowing strata of Sense/Net ice. Good.
Check Molly. He hit the simstim and flipped into her sensorium.